Update comments (#2)
langchain-ai/memory-template: README.md

> Memory is a powerful way to improve and personalize applications, allowing storage of information (e.g., a user-specific profile or memories) that can be used to inform responses or decisions across multiple interactions. This template provides a simple example of a long-term memory service you can build and deploy using LangGraph.

Reviewer: "specific" probably unnecessary

It has three main components:

> (1) `Chatbot Graph`: This is a simple chatbot that interacts with a user.

Reviewer: I think I'd re-order as:
1. Memory graph: ... creating and re-contextualizing memories ... This is developer facing.
2. Memory Storage: provided through LangGraph's [BaseStore](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/store/#langgraph.store.base.BaseStore)... (etc. - link to base store somehow)
3. Chatbot Graph: This is a simple example chatbot that shows how to connect to your memory service. Users interact with this bot.

OPENAI_API_KEY=your-api-key
```

<!--
End setup instructions
-->

> ### Test in LangGraph Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Try out in LangGraph Studio
```

> If you want to test locally, [install the LangGraph Studio desktop app](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langgraph-studio?tab=readme-ov-file#download). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test locally, [open this template in LangGraph Studio](https://langgraph-studio.vercel.app/templates/open?githubUrl=https://github.com/langchain-ai/memory-template). 
```

If you want to test in the cloud, [follow these instructions to deploy this repository to LangGraph Cloud](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/cloud/) and open Studio in your browser. 

Open this repository in LangGraph studio. 

In LangGraph Studio, you can set your `user_id`, `model`, and other configurations.

![Flow](./static/studio.png)

Navigate to the "`chatbot`" graph and have a conversation with it! 

Try sending some messages saying your name and other things the bot should remember.

Wait ~10-20 seconds for many memories to be created and saved, then create a *new* thread using the `+` icon. 

Then chat with the bot again - if you've completed your setup correctly, the bot should now have access to the memories you've saved!

## How it works

> ### Memory Storage

Reviewer: These sections can be more concise I think. It reads like bullet points but the bullet points aren't sufficiently punchy/high-entropy

> The LangGraph API comes with a built-in memory storage layer that can be used to store and retrieve information across threads. 

Reviewer: I'd link to BaseStore conceptual doc or ref doc

Studio useds the LangGraph API at the backend, packaging the code in this repository with the storage layer.

In Studio, you can see the `Memories` button above your graph with any memories created and saved to the storage layer.

The storage layer is shown in the above diagram in red. 

The central points are that it: 

> 1. It is accessible to both the `chatbot` and the `memory_graph` in all nodes.

Reviewer: (since they are running in the same deployment)

2. It provides an interface for storing (`put` method) and retrieving (`search` method) memories in a namespaced manner. 

> Learn more about the Memory Storage layer [here](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/memory/shared-state/).

Reviewer: I think say LangGraph's storage layer

### Chatbot Graph

The `chatbot` graph, defined in [graph.py](./src/chatbot/graph.py), has two nodes, `bot` and `schedule_memories`. 

> The `chatbot` is invoked with a `user_id` supplied by configuration. 

Reviewer: We have a default user ID for easy testing

The `bot` node uses the `user_id` to fetch any existing memories for that user from the `Memory Storage` layer.

These fetched memories are added to the system prompt of the chatbot to personalize the responses.

The `schedule_memories` node is run after the `bot` node. 

It is responsible for scheduling long-term memory creation based upon the chatbot's updated interaction with the user.

It uses the LangGraph SDK to call the `memory_graph`, suppling the chatbot's interaction with the user.

### Memory Graph

> The `memory_graph` graph, defined in [graph.py](./src/memory_graph/graph.py) incoperates two different concepts: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `memory_graph` graph, defined in [graph.py](./src/memory_graph/graph.py) incorperates two different concepts: 
```

Reviewer: Maybe just me, but when something leads with "it uses 2 concepts" it feels hard & abstract. "Why" does it use these concepts? How are they going to relate? It feels very abstract.

I learn better if it goes by data flow/needs, something like:

The memory service needs to know two things to properly organize memories for your bot:
- What should each memory look like? (to focus on what is most relevant to your application context)
- How to update each memory? (should we continuously update a fixed schema, or should we update or insert more atomic memories to search for later)

We configure this behavior using memory schemas. Each schema tells the graph the structure of a single memory and how to manage that memory when new information is received.

The graph has a couple defaults to get you started. Let's check them out below:
... (show the two things; explain the different types)

... then as your explaining the mechanics of each type, explain trustcall
